# Module12_ChallengeUNCC FinTech Boot Camp Module 12 Challenge Homework## Code to Import Libraries and Dependencies ## import numpy as npimport pandas as pdfrom pathlib import Pathfrom sklearn.metrics import balanced_accuracy_scorefrom sklearn.metrics import confusion_matrixfrom imblearn.metrics import classification_report_imbalancedimport warningswarnings.filterwarnings('ignore')from sklearn.model_selection import train_test_splitfrom sklearn.linear_model import LogisticRegressionfrom imblearn.over_sampling import RandomOverSampler## Answer to Questions ## **Question:** How well does the logistic regression model, fit with oversampled data, predict both the `0` (healthy loan) and `1` (high-risk loan) labels?**Answer:** The logistic regression model fit with both the original and oversampled data well. Overall, the model run with oversampled data was better able to predict the healthy and high-risk loan labels. Balanced Accuracy Score: The model using oversampled data had a 99.37% balanced accuracy score. The original model had a 95.20% balanced accuracy score. Therefore, the model with oversampled data was more accurate. Confusion Matrix: Looking at the confusion matrix for the original data, 158 (out of 19384) cases were either false positives or false negatives. However, for the oversampled data, only 120 (out of 19384) were miscategorized by the model. Therefore, the model with oversampled data was more accurate again. Classification Report: The models had almost identical precision. While the models both had the same average recall, the oversampled model had a 0.99 recall for the high-risk category, while the original data got a 0.91 for the high-risk category. Therefore, out of all the data that should've been labeled "high-risk", the oversampled data model was better at accurately categorizing those cases as "high-risk". Lastly, the f1-score of the "high-risk" category in the oversampled model is greater than that of the "high-risk" group in the original data. Because the most important thing is to catch as many high-risk loans as possible, the model using oversampled data is the much better choice. It is better able to accurately predict high-risk loans than the model using the original data. ## Contributors ## Giselle Taraboletti UNCC FinTech Boot Camp ## License ## MIT LicenseCopyright (c) [year] [fullname]Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copyof this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to dealin the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rightsto use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sellcopies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software isfurnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in allcopies or substantial portions of the Software.THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS ORIMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THEAUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHERLIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THESOFTWARE.